# C programming: Functions, nested loops
## General Concept Guidance:
* [Nested while loops](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3iGeQ1gIss)
* [C - Functions](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_functions.htm)
* [Learning to Program in C (Part 06) (stop at 14:00)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMlnFwYdqIw)
* [What is the purpose of a function prototype?](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/what-is-the-purpose-of-a-function-prototype/)
* [C - Header Files](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_header_files.htm)
### 0. _putchar
> Write a program that prints Holberton, followed by a new line.
> * The program should return 0
### 1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game
> Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
> * Prototype: void print_alphabet(void);
> * You can only use _putchar twice in your code
### 2. 10 x alphabet
> Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
> * Prototype: void print_alphabet_x10(void);
### 3. islower
> Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
> * Prototype: int _islower(int c);
### 4. isalpha
> Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
> * Prototype: int _isalpha(int c);
### 5. Sign
> Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
> * Prototype: int print_sign(int n);
### 6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you
> Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
> * Prototype: int _abs(int);
### 7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important 
> Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
> * Prototype: int print_last_digit(int);
### 8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life
> Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
> * Prototype: void jack_bauer(void);
### 9. Learn your times table
> Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
> * Prototype: void times_table(void);
### 10. a + b
> Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
> * Prototype: int add(int, int);
### 11. Holberton School, 98 Battery Street, the OG
> Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
> * Prototype: void print_to_98(int n);
### 100. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself
> Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
> * Prototype: void print_times_table(int n);
### 101. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women
> If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
### 102. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A 
> Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
### 103. Even Liber Abbaci
> Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
### 104. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+
> Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.